SYNOPSIS

   command [add --node-type=node_path_to_the_type
                [--property-id=identifying_property]
                --command-name=name_for_the_command |
            remove --command_name=command_to_remove |
            list]

DESCRIPTION

  Allows to add new, remove and list existing generic type commands.
  A generic type command is a command that is assigned to a specific node type
  and which allows to perform any operation available for an instance of that
  type and/or modify any of the properties exposed by the type on any existing
  instance of that type.

  For example, suppose there is a generic type command assigned to type
  /subsystem=datasources/data-source and named data-source. Now, data-source
  command can be used to add new datasources to the server, modify properties
  and perform any available operation on any existing datasource. To do that,
  the command needs to identify the datasource that should be affected. For
  that, there is a special argument, which can be a property exposed by the type
  and that can be used to identify the instance, e.g. in case of datasource,
  this role can be given to property 'jndi-name'. Or if there is no such
  property, generic type command will automatically add argument 'name' which,
  as its value, will accept the instance name (the last name in the node path
  of the instance)

  Here is an example of invoking operation 'flush-all-connection-in-pool' on
  datasource with jndi-name 'myds'.

  data-source flush-all-connection-in-pool --jndi-name=myds

  where flush-all-connection-in-pool is an operation name exposed by data-source
  type and jndi-name is the property name that identifies the specific
  datasource to perform the operation on. If the operation has properties, they
  can be added as command line arguments by prefixing property names with '--'
  and supplying the values after '='. E.g. This is how a new datasource could be
  added

  data-source add --jndi-name=my-new-ds --driver-name=h2 \
                  --connection-url=db:url --pool-name=my-ds-pool

  To modify properties of an existing type instance, just use property names as
  arguments like the operation arguments in the example above. E.g.

  data-source --jndi-name=my-new-ds --min-pool-size=11 --max-pool-size=22

  Tab-completion will help completing operation and property names.

  Generic type commands support --help option. The content of the help will be
  generated from the description of the operations and properties provided by
  the model on the server. E.g. the following command will describe the type
  itself:

  data-source --help

  The following will list all the operations exposed by the type:

  data-source --help --commands

  This will list all the properties exposed by the type:

  data-source --help --properties

  And this will describe the specific operation, in this case
  flush-all-connection-in-pool:

  data-source flush-all-connection-in-pool --help


ARGUMENTS

  add     - adds a new generic type command. The following arguments are used to
            add a new command:

              --node-type     - (required) specifies the node path which ends on
                              a type, for which the generic command should be
                              created;

              --property-id   - (optional) a property name exposed by the type
                              that should be used to identify instances of the
                              type. If not specified, argument '--name' will be
                              used with the instance name as its value to
                              identify the target instance.

              --command-name  - (required) the name for the command.

  remove  - removes an existing generic type command. There is a single required
            argument --command-name which identifies the command that should be
            removed.
			
  list    - lists existing generic type commands.
