SYNOPSIS

  Standalone mode:
  
    deployment-info [--name=wildcard_expression]
                    [--headers={operation_header (;operation_header)*}]

  Domain mode:

    deployment-info --name=deployment_name |
                    --server-group=server_group [--name=wildcard_expression]
                    [--headers={operation_header (;operation_header)*}]
  
DESCRIPTION

    Displays information about single or multiple deployments.
    
    In the standalone mode the --name argument is optional.
    If it's absent, the command will display information about all the
    registered deployments. Otherwise, the value of the --name is either a
    specific deployment name or a wildcard expression.
    
    The displayed properties include:

    - NAME - unique identifier of the deployment. Must be unique across all
             deployments;

    - RUNTIME-NAME - name by which the deployment should be known within a
                     server's runtime.
             This would be equivalent to the file name of a deployment file,
             and would form the basis for such things as default JEEdition
             application and module names. This would typically be the same as
             'name', but in some cases users may wish to have two deployments
             with the same 'runtime-name' (e.g. two versions of \"foo.war\")
             both available in the deployment content repository, in which case
             the deployments would need to have distinct 'name' values but
             would have the same 'runtime-name'.

    - PERSISTENT   - indicates whether the existence of the deployment should
                     be recorded in the persistent server configuration. Only
             relevant to a standalone mode server. Default is 'true'.
             A deployment managed by a deployment scanner would have this set
             to 'false' to ensure the deployment is only deployed at server
             start if the scanner again detects the deployment.

    - ENABLED - boolean indicating whether the deployment content is currently
                deployed in the runtime (or should be deployed in the runtime
                the next time the server starts.)
    
    - STATUS - the current runtime status of a deployment. Possible status
               modes are OK, FAILED (indicates a dependency is missing or a
               service could not start) and STOPPED (indicates that the
               deployment was manually stopped).

    In the domain mode, the command can display information about either:

    - single deployment with its state report from in each server group in
      the domain.
        In this case, the --name argument is required and its value is supposed
      to be a specific deployment name, not a wildcard expression. 
        The output of the command includes the name and the runtime name of the
      deployment (as in the standalone mode) that are followed by a table with
      headers SERVER-GROUP and STATE (described below).
      
    - single server group with a state report about each deployment in the
      domain with regard to the selected server group.
        In this case, the --server-group argument is required and its value
      must be a specific server group name, not a wildcard expression.
        The output of the command is a table with headers NAME, RUNTIME-NAME
      and STATE.

    The STATE column in both cases may contain the following values:
    
    added     - the deployment has been added to the server group but is not
                enabled;
    enabled   - the deployment has been added and enabled for the server group
                (this is the expected state of a deployment when it is deployed
                to a server group with the CLI deploy command);
    not added - the server group is not referencing the deployment.


ARGUMENTS

 --name              - the name of the deployment or a wildcard expression
                       if the use-case allows (see the command description
                       above).

 --server-group      - allowed only the domain mode and specifies the target
                       server group. Must be specified if the desired outcome
                       is deployment report for a specific server group.
                       Otherwise, can be omitted.
                       
 --headers           - a list of operation headers separated by a semicolon.
                       For the list of supported headers, please, refer to the
                       domain management documentation or use tab-completion.
