SYNOPSIS

   Standalone mode:

      reload [--admin-only=true|false] [--use-current-server-config=true|false]

   Domain mode:

      reload --host=host_name [--admin-only=true|false]
             [--restart-servers=true|false]
             [--user-current-domain-config=true|false]
             [--user-current-host-config=true|false]
      
DESCRIPTION

    Sends the :reload operation request to the server/domain controller
    and waits for the controller to close the connection and then
    it returns the control back to the client. It does not put
    the CLI client into the disconnected state. Instead, for the
    next entered command or operation it will try to automatically
    re-connect to the controller.
    
    If there was an i/o error while sending the request or receiving
    the response, the reload handler will disconnect from the controller.
    
    If the reload operation failed, i.e. the response received successfully
    indicated a failure, the handler will log the failure message and
    will not disconnect from the controller.
    
    NOTE: this command cannot be used in a batch because the handler
    is waiting for the controller to shutdown before returning the
    control back to the client which would not possible if the
    command was executed as a step in a composite operation.
    So, if there is a need to reload the controller from a batch,
    :reload operation must be used instead (and should be the last
    operation in the batch).

ARGUMENTS

 --admin-only  - whether the controller should start in running mode ADMIN_ONLY
                 when it restarts. An ADMIN_ONLY controller will start any
                 configured management interfaces and accept management
                 requests, but will not start servers or, if this host
                 controller is the master for the domain, accept incoming
                 connections from slave host controllers. If not present, false
                 value is assumed.

 --host        - is allowed and required only in the domain mode, specifies
                 the host name to reload.

 --restart-servers  - optional, allowed only in the domain mode. If true the
                      servers will be restarted, and if false the servers will
                 be left running and reconnect to the Host Controller when
                 started again. If not present, true value is assumed.
                      
 --use-current-domain-config  - optional, allowed only in the domain mode. Only
                                has an effect if --read-only-domain-config was
                 specified when starting the controller. In that case, if this
                 parameter is set to false the reloaded controller loads the
                 original configuration version; if null or true the current
                 runtime version of the model is used.
                 If not present, true value is assumed.

 --use-current-host-config  - optional, allowed only in the domain mode. Only
                              has an effect if --read-only-host-config was
                 specified when starting the controller. In that case, if this
                 parameter is set to false the reloaded controller loads the
                 original configuration version; if null or true the current
                 runtime version of the model is used.
                 If not present, true value is assumed.
                 
 --use-current-server-config  - optional, allowed only in the standalone mode.
                                Only has an effect if --read-only-server-config
                 was specified when starting the server. In that case, if this
                 parameter is set to false the reloaded server loads the
                 original configuration version; if null or true the current
                 runtime version of the model is used.
                 If not present, true value is assumed.
