SYNOPSIS

    undeploy name [--server-groups=group_name (,group_name)* | --all-relevant-server-groups] [--keep-content]
                  [--headers={operation_header (;operation_header)*}]

DESCRIPTION

    Undeploys the deployment with the given name and, depending on the arguments, removes
    its content from the repository.
    If the deployment name isn't specified, prints the list of all the existing deployments.

ARGUMENTS

 name                   - the name of the deployment to undeploy.

 --server-groups        - comma separated list of server group names the undeploy command should apply to.
                          Either server-groups or all-relevant-server-groups is required in the domain mode.
                          This argument is not applicable in the standalone mode.

 --all-relevant-server-groups   - indicates that undeploy should apply to all the server groups
                                  in which the deployment is enabled.
                                  Either server-groups or all-relevant-server-groups is required in domain mode.
                                  This argument is not applicable in the standalone mode.

 --keep-content         - by default undeploy, besides disabling the deployment, also removes its
                          content from the repository. The presence of --keep-content will only disable
                          the deployment w/o removing its content from the repository.
                          This argument can be used in both standalone and domain modes.
						
 -l                     - in case the deployment name isn't specified, the presence of the -l switch
                          will make the existing deployments printed one deployment per line, instead of
                          in columns (the default).

 --headers              - a list of operation headers separated by a semicolon. For the list of supported
                          headers, please, refer to the domain management documentation or use tab-completion.
                          
 --path                 - optional, points to a cli archive.
                          The path can be either absolute or relative to the current directory.
                          A cli archive is a zip archive containing script(s) as well as artifacts or applications 
                          to deploy. 
                          To be recognized as a cli archive, the extension of the archive file should be '.cli'.
                          The undeploy command will execute the script given by the --script argument.                          
                          
 --script               - optional, can appear only if the file_path points a cli archive.
                          The value is the name of the script contained in a cli archive to execute.
                          If not specified, defaults to 'undeploy.scr'. 
                          All paths in the scripts are relative to the root directory in the cli archive. 
                          The script is executed as a batch.