Synopsis:	modify-xa-data-source [--profile=<profile_name>] --jndi-name=<jndi_name> <arguments listed below>

Description:	modifies an existing data source

Arguments:

	profile			- is allowed and required only in the domain mode, specifies the profile
					in which the data source should be created. 

	jndi-name		- specifies the JNDI name for the datasource.
		
	max-pool-size	- the max-pool-size element indicates the maximum number of connections for a pool.
					  No more connections will be created in each sub-pool.
    
    min-pool-size	- the min-pool-size element indicates the minimum number of connections a pool should hold.
    				  These are not created until a Subject is known from a request for a connection.
                
    pool-prefill	- whether to attempt to prefill the connection pool. Changing this value require a server restart.
    
    pool-use-strict-min	- define if the min-pool-size should be considered a strictly.
    
    blocking-timeout-wait-millis	- the blocking-timeout-millis element indicates the maximum time in milliseconds
    								  to block while waiting for a connection before throwing an exception.
    								  Note that this blocks only while waiting for a permit for a connection,
    								  and will never throw an exception if creating a new connection takes an inordinately long time.
    
    idle-timeout-minutes	- the idle-timeout-minutes elements indicates the maximum time in minutes
    						  a connection may be idle before being closed. The actual maximum time depends also on the IdleRemover
    						  scan time, which is 1/2 the smallest idle-timeout-minutes of any pool.
    						  Changing this value require a server restart.
        
    background-validation-minutes	- the background-validation-minutes element specifies the amount of time, in minutes,
    								  that background validation will run. Changing this value require a server restart.
    
    background-validation	- an element to specify that connections should be validated on a background thread
    						  versus being validated prior to use. Changing this value require a server restart.
    
    use-fast-fail	- whether fail a connection allocation on the first connection if it is invalid (true)
    				  or keep trying until the pool is exhausted of all potential connections (false).